Advanced Fatty Liver Disease Panel: Measure your risk level of advanced liver disease, such as NAFLD/NASH.
Anemia Test Panel: Measure blood components to help identify anemia.
Autoimmune Screening Test (ANA with Reflex): Test for autoantibodies related to various autoimmune diseases.
Basic Health Profile — Men's: Take a snapshot of your current health and overall wellness for men.
Basic Health Profile — Standard: Take a snapshot of your current health and overall wellness.
Basic Health Profile — Women's: Take a snapshot of your current health and overall wellness for women.
Blood Type Test: Identify your blood group (A, B, AB, or O) and + or - Rh antigen.
COVID-19 & Flu Test: Detect active SARS-CoV-2 and influenza A/B infections.
COVID-19 Active Infection Test: Test to detect an active SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection.
COVID-19 Antibody Test: Detect COVID-19 antibodies from a previous infection or vaccination.
Celiac (Gluten) Disease Panel: Test for tTG-IgA and IgA antibodies associated with celiac disease.
Chickenpox Test: Test for IgG antibodies in response to chickenpox and shingles.
Chlamydia & Gonorrhea Test: Test for 2 of the most common STDs, chlamydia and gonorrhea.
Cholesterol (Lipid) Panel: Measure total cholesterol, HDL, LDL, and TG to help assess heart health.
Common Respiratory Allergy Panel — Basic: Test for IgE antibodies in response to 14 specific respiratory allergens.
Common Respiratory Allergy Panel — Expanded: Test for IgE antibodies in response to 25 specific respiratory allergens.
Complete Blood Count (CBC): Measure blood components to help identify anemia & blood disorders.
Comprehensive Health Profile — Men's: Get a more complete picture of your overall wellness for men.
Comprehensive Health Profile — Standard: Get a more complete picture of your overall wellness.
Comprehensive Health Profile — Women's: Get a more complete picture of your overall wellness for women.
Comprehensive Metabolic Panel (CMP): Assess risk for liver and kidney disease, hypertension, and diabetes.
Cortisol Stress Hormone Test: Measure the level of one stress hormone, cortisol, in your blood.
Diabetes Management Test: Measure glucose and hemoglobin A1c to help monitor and manage diabetes.
Diabetes Risk Panel: Learn diabetes/heart disease risk via glucose, HbA1c, & lipid markers.
Drug Screen Panel: Discreetly check for common drugs used in the last 24 to 72 hours.
Early Menopause Panel: Hormone tests for women <45 to help determine the beginning of menopause.
Fatigue Test Panel: Measure health factors that contribute to chronic fatigue.
Fitnescity DEXA Body Composition Scan: Scan measuring your fat and lean mass, visceral fat, and bone density.
Fitnescity Resting Metabolic Rate Test: Metabolic test to measure daily caloric expenditure.
Fitnescity VO2 Max Test: Test to measure fitness level via maximal oxygen uptake during exercise.
Fitness Profile — Elite: Comprehensive panel to help athletes optimize their training and results.
Fitness Profile — Essentials Test: Measure essential health markers to help optimize your fitness routine.
Fitness Profile — Nutrition Test: Testing to evaluate your nutrition, including macro and micronutrients.
Food Allergy Panel with Reflex to Components: Test for IgE antibodies in response to 15 common food allergens.
Gout (Uric Acid) Test: Measure the level of uric acid to help detect gout and kidney stones.
H Pylori Breath Test: Detect Helicobacter pylori bacteria, which may cause stomach disorders.
HIV 1 & 2 Test with Confirmation: Detect both HIV antibodies (HIV-1 and HIV-2) and HIV antigen.
Hemoglobin A1c Test: Measure average blood sugar to help manage or determine risk for diabetes
Hepatitis B Test: Determine HBV immunity due to a previous infection or vaccination.
Hepatitis C Test With Confirmation: Check for HCV antibodies and RNA to determine if you have been infected.
High Fat Diet (Ex. Keto) Vitamin Deficiency Test Panel: Test levels of vitamins & minerals often missing from a high-fat diet.
High Protein Diet Vitamin Deficiency Test Panel: Test levels of vitamins & minerals often missing from high-protein diets.
High-Risk Heart Health Lipid and Lp(a) Panel: Detect if you have high levels of cholesterol and/or Lp(a).
Indoor Respiratory Allergy Panel: Test for IgE antibodies in response to specific indoor allergens.
Iron, TIBC & Ferritin Panel: Test iron, total iron capacity, and ferritin levels in the blood.
Kidney Profile: Measure kidney function markers for the early detection and monitoring.
Lead Test: Measure levels of the lead in your blood to monitor potential exposure.
Lipoprotein(a)/Lp(a) Test: Detect if you have high levels of Lp(a).
Low Carb Diet Vitamin Deficiency Test Panel: Test levels of vitamins & minerals often missing from a low-carb diet.
Lyme Disease Test With Confirmation: Test for Lyme disease using CDC-recommended 2-step process.
Magnesium Test: Measure level of the electrolyte, magnesium, in your blood.
Measles, Mumps, Rubella (MMR) Test: Indicate MMR immunity due to a previous infection or vaccination.
Men's Hormone Test Panel — Basic: Measure testosterone and protein levels that affect male sexual health.
Menstrual Irregularities Test Panel: Detect signs of hormone disorders like PCOS that cause irregular periods.
OraQuick® In-Home HIV Test: Test kit that checks for antibodies to HIV-1 & HIV-2 discreetly at home.
Ovarian Reserve Assessment Marker AMH Test: Measure the level of AMH (indicator of your egg quantity) in your blood.
Perimenopause Panel: Help determine if you're entering or in perimenopause.
Post Menopause Panel: Test to help determine if you're in or have completed menopause.
Post-COVID-19 Basic Test Panel: Help learn if symptoms are potentially due to a post-COVID-19 infection.
Post-COVID-19 Expanded Test Panel: A more in-depth look for those who experience symptoms after COVID-19.
Pre-Pregnancy Panel: Wellness test to determine readiness for a healthy pregnancy.
Pregnancy Test - Qualitative hCG: Detect hCG in your blood as early as 7 days after conception.
Progesterone Test: Measure this important hormone on day 21 of a 28-day cycle.
Proov Confirm PdG Test Kit: Home progesterone metabolite test kit to confirm successful ovulation.
Prostate Screening (PSA): Measure PSA in the blood, which could indicate inflammation or cancer.
Prothrombin Time with INR: Blood clotting time test for those on Warfarin or other blood thinners.
Quest Mobile™ In-Home Sample Collection: Opt in for in-home sample collection with a Quest Mobile™ phlebotomist.
Rheumatoid Arthritis Test: Test for autoantibodies related to Rheumatoid Arthritis.
STD Screening Panel — Basic: Screen for 4 of the most common sexually transmitted infections.
STD Screening Panel — Expanded: Screen for 7 sexually transmitted infections.
Seafood Allergy Panel: Test for the presence of IgE antibodies in response to seafood allergens.
Shellfish Allergy Panel: Test for IgE antibodies in response to shellfish allergens.
Sickle Cell Trait Screen Test with Reflex: Screen to help identify presence of sickle cell trait(s).
Stress and Nutrition Antioxidant Screen: Test for imbalances that could lead to chronic health conditions.
Syphilis Test With Confirmation: Test to accurately confirm a syphilis infection.
Testosterone Test — Men's: Measure the level of testosterone in your blood.
Thyroid Disorder Monitoring — Initial: Initial thyroid hormone test for those diagnosed with a thyroid disorder.
Thyroid Disorder Monitoring — Ongoing: Ongoing thyroid hormone test for those diagnosed with a thyroid disorder.
Thyroid TSH Function Test: Measure TSH levels to determine if your thyroid is functioning properly.
Total Cholesterol Test: Test total cholesterol to help identify risk of heart disease or stroke.
Tree Nut Allergy Panel with Reflex to Components: Test for IgE antibodies in response to common tree nut allergens.
Tree Pollen Respiratory Allergy Panel: Tests for IgE antibodies in response to specific tree pollen allergens.
Tuberculosis Blood Test: Detect exposure to tuberculosis bacteria.
Urinalysis / Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Test: Check for abnormalities in your urine that could indicate a UTI.
Vegetarian & Vegan Diet Vitamin Deficiency Test Panel: Test levels of vitamins & minerals often missing from this diet.
Vitamin B Supplement Test Panel: Test levels of vitamins B2, B3, and B5 in your blood.
Vitamin B12 & Folate Test: Test for vitamin B12 and folate (vitamin B9) deficiencies.
Vitamin B12 Test: Test for a vitamin B12 deficiency.
Vitamin D Test: Measure the level of 25-hydroxyvitamin D to understand vitamin D levels.
Weed and Grass Allergy Test Panel: Test for IgE antibodies in response to specific weed and grass allergens.
YO™ Male Fertility At-Home Test Kit (2-Pack): 
eMed® COVID-19 Telehealth Kit™ (2-Pack): Remotely proctored at-home test that checks for COVID-19 infection.
eMed® UTI Telehealth Kits™ (2-Pack): Proctored at-home test that checks urine for possible presence of a UTI.
hsCRP Test for Inflammation Marker: Detect inflammation markers to help assess cardiovascular disease risk.